The goal of this MVP is:

	1. That the game is playable and is a game. Really low bar.
	2. That the game is actually a strategy game.
	3. That the game's core game loop is fun.

To that end, I'm not worried about the "look", or "theme". I welcome open-ended feedback on the above 3 topics, here are some specific questions I'm interested in:

Playable
	Does the game provide enough information about what is and isn't possible to do?

Strategy
	Can you reason about what you should do next, based on available information?
	Do the existing cards allow you to make a plan and enact it over several turns?
	How did it feel to play a single character per turn? Did this allow you enough range-of-action to feel strategic?
	How did it feel to have 4 available cards out of an 8 card deck? Did this allow you enough choices to feel strategic?

Fun
	Did you find yourself excited about a notification of a new turn?
	Do the existing cards have enough not make you feel "trapped"?
	Do the existing cards make you feel powerful?
	Do the existing cards make you feel like there is a system or mechanic to be explored further? 
	By the end, did you find the game more of a chore to help out your friend? :)

Fun and Strategy
	Does this game remind you of another one? 
		Can you tell me about that? Good or bad or something you'd like to see form it?
	Do you have ideas for more (or replacement) cards that would be fun or strategic?
	Do the existing cards "not quite get there"? (ie, SteamWorld: Quest cards are somewhat limited in their strategies, thus "not quite there").

General
	Any open-ended comments about the game?
	Do you think this survey was understandable and contained thought-provoking questions? :P


I don't know what the future of this prototype is (will I keep working on it?), but I do know what I'd like to do:
	Characters that grow in power as you play.
	PVP mode that allows you to store "your team" and play it against others.
	Gaining more cards per character, and customizing your decks.
	Figure out the theme, leading to a story.
	Campaign/story mode
	More and more varied terrain
	Music, effects, polish, new graphics, etc, etc.

	